[DOCS-986] Document cropping modes for run names in UI (#974)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/track/runs/_index.md

1. Navigate to the W&B App UI at [https://wandb.ai/home](https://wandb.ai/home).
2. Navigate to the W&B project you specified when you initialized the run.
3. Within the project sidebar, select the **Workspace** tab.
4. Within the run selector, click the run you want to view, or enter a partial run name to filter for matching runs.

>     By default, long run names are truncated in the middle for readability. To truncate run names at the beginning or end instead, click the action `...` menu at the top of the list of runs, then set **Run name cropping** to crop the end, middle, or beginning. 

Author: ```suggestion
    By default, long run names are truncated in the middle for readability. To truncate run names at the beginning or end instead, hover over the **Name** column, then click the action `...` menu that appears next to it. From there, adjust **Run name cropping** to crop the end, middle, or beginning of the run name.
```
